[Feature] Support EfficientDet in projects (#9810)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: projects/EfficientDet/README.md

## Usage

> ### Model conversion

Reviewer: The conversion guide can still be kept to provide a way for users to inference the originally trained model. We can have different settings in the training re-implementation and we should discuss the difference in this readme

## Usage

## Official TensorFlow Model

> This project also support [official tensorflow model](https://github.com/google/automl), it uses 90 categories and yxyx encoding in training. If you want to use the original model weight to get official results, please refer to the following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project also supports [official tensorflow model](https://github.com/google/automl), it uses 90 categories and yxyx box encoding in training. If you want to use the original model weight to get official results, please refer to the following steps.
```

```

**Note**:

- This project also support [official tensorflow model](https://github.com/google/automl), it uses 90 categories and yxyx encoding in training. If you want to test using the original model, you can refer to Model conversion.
- We recommend the current implementation version, it uses 80 categories and xyxy encoding in training.

## Results

Based on mmdetection, this project aligns the test accuracy of the [official model](https://github.com/google/automl).
<br>
If you want to reproduce the test results, you need to convert model weights first, then run the test command.
<br>
The training accuracy will also be aligned with the official in the future
Based on mmdetection, this project aligns the accuracy of the [official model](https://github.com/google/automl).

|                                      Method                                      |    Backbone     | Pretrained Model |  Training set  |   Test set   | Epoch | Val Box AP | Official AP |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------: | :--------------: | :------------: | :----------: | :---: | :--------: | :---------: |

> | [efficientdet-d0](./configs/efficientdet_effb0_bifpn_8xb16-crop512-300e_coco.py) | efficientnet-b0 |     ImageNet     | COCO2017 Train | COCO2017 Val |  300  |    34.4    |    34.3     |

Reviewer: why delete the performance here? we could also keep it.
